[DO] Adding clarification: cannot have two concurrent alarms per DO instance (#21093)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/durable-objects/api/alarms.mdx

    - `retryCount` <Type text="number"/>: The number of times this alarm event has been retried.
    - `isRetry` <Type text="boolean"/>: A boolean value to indicate if the alarm has been retried. This value is `true` if this alarm event is a retry.

  - Only one instance of `alarm()` will ever run at a given time per Durable Object instance.

>   - The `alarm()` handler has guaranteed at-least-once execution and will be retried upon failure using exponential backoff, starting at 2 second delays for up to 6 retries. This only applies to the most recent `setAlarm()` call. Retries will be performed if the method fails with an uncaught exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `alarm()` handler has guaranteed at-least-once execution and will be retried upon failure using exponential backoff, starting at two second delays for up to six retries. This only applies to the most recent `setAlarm()` call. Retries will be performed if the method fails with an uncaught exception.
```
